Undisable logging (#2850)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
* Fixed an issue where the **lint** command ran on `native:dev` supported content when passing the `--docker-image all` flag, instead it will run on `native:candidate`.
* Added support for `native:candidate` as a docker image flag for **lint** command.

> * Fixed an issue where logging was disabled in the **download** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where logs and messages would not show when using the **download** command.
```
